Questions 1 - Should classes be in separate files ?
Answer - In python, a file is called as module.
it does not make sense to have a rule that says, one file should only contain one class.
the functionally related classes should go into a single file.
But in case, there are too many related classes, then they should be put into differ modules/files & should
be combined as a package.

Question 2 - Why parsing done in the constructor ??
Answer - Python provides a feature called - class method as an alternative constructor.
Where, we can always pass on the data to a class method, and assign the parse data to member variable.
which in turn can return the proper instance of a class.
ideally, parsing should have done in class method.

@classmethod
def from_string(cls, emp_str):
    # emp_str = 'Ganesh-Manal-gmanal1005@gmail.com'
    first, last, email = emp_str.split('-')
    return cls(first, last, pay)

if battle details input file changes - only the parsing logic in class method will change.

Question 3 - Why players, battlefield, weapons and ships not created outside and injected ?
Answer - BattleArea - has a - battlefield and Players. Players - have - ships and missiles.
BattleArea is going to be composite object of battlefield & players and player be the composite object of ships and missiles.
if we do the data parsing outside battle area, then we will have to somehow keep the player association to assignment in accordance
with the parsing logic. we will be one level up for abstraction and injection will need navigation.
It will not be required in case the parsing is done at the BattleArea level.

Question 4 - Player does not need to know about ship.
Answer - Only information that ship possess is type (p/q) and its cells. The information is kept private and should not be access.
only its member methods can access the private info. Player simply keeps the instances of these objects.
And when actual war is started, it simply asks ship if missiles hits its cell if yes destroy the cell and when all cells are destroyed it asks
the player to remove the ship from inventory.
